docs: tighten Partial Prefetching API references and adoption guide (#94818)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/02-components/link.mdx

The following values can be passed to the `prefetch` prop:

- **`"auto"` or `null` (default)**: Prefetch behavior depends on whether the route is static or dynamic. For static routes, the full route will be prefetched (including all its data). For dynamic routes, the partial route down to the nearest segment with a [`loading.js`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/loading#instant-loading-states) boundary will be prefetched.

> - `true`: Without [Partial Prefetching](/docs/app/guides/adopting-partial-prefetching), the full route is prefetched for both static and dynamic routes. Under [Partial Prefetching](/docs/app/guides/adopting-partial-prefetching), the destination's cached content is prefetched along with the [App Shell](/docs/app/glossary#app-shell). Dynamic content is not included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`true`: The full route is prefetched for both static and dynamic routes. With [Partial Prefetching](/docs/app/guides/adopting-partial-prefetching) enabled, the prefetch is the [App Shell](/docs/app/glossary#app-shell) plus the route's cached content; dynamic data is excluded.
```
